There are tricks you can try to get straight hair without frying or burning your hair with heat.
For other hair textures, it’ll be more challenging to achieve the look of straight hair without sacrificing your hair’s health
Straight hair is best described in two words – chic minimalism!
A frequent misconception is that naturally straight hair is easy to manage as it looks smooth and frizz-free
Straight hair is type 1 hair and lies flat on the scalp. 
Usually, those with straight and silky hair have an oily scalp, and the hair is prone to greasiness.
Straight hair is easier to handle, style, and brush.
Straight hair lies flat on the scalp and lacks body. 
Straight hair has smooth cuticles, and the sebum can quickly spread across the hair length, making it look greasy
Straight hair often needs frequent washing.
If you have straight hair, you can experiment with multiple styling options. 
Although straight hair is a dream for many, it lacks the texture and volume required to explore different styling options.
Straight hair is difficult to style and may need many products to hold a particular hairstyle.
Braids are the easiest way to style straight hair. 
If you have long and straight hair, you can also go for the waterfall braid.
Straight hair usually looks chic, smooth and sleek, and are easy to take care of.
Fine, medium or coarse, and straight hair, most often than not, lacks volume and can appear flat, greasy, and lifeless if not taken proper care.
Though there are few styling options for straight hair, layers, bangs, and braids can add some dimension and variation to your hairstyle.
 Straight hair is one of the most common hair types in the world. Around 45% of individuals have straight hair
Heat styling tools at high temperatures help maintain straight hair.
Braids and layering are some styling techniques for straight hair. Using a gentle shampoo and conditioner, applying a dry oil, avoiding high heat settings on styling tools, and using the right brush may help manage straight hair. 
 lightweight leave-in serum, conditioner, or oil can help repair dry and damaged straight hair and adds shine to it.
While other hair types may need additional moisture, people with straight hair should be extra careful while choosing a conditioner. A creamy and thick formula can easily weigh straight hair down and cause buildup.
A paddle brush is straight hair’s BFF. 
Straight hair is prone to grease and oil buildup and may require frequent washing (thrice a week).
